Jenkins server name changed (#15)
mlpack/jenkins-conf: REGISTRY_CONFIG_README.md

> A registry was running on http://ci.mlpack.org at port 5000.

Reviewer: Actually the registry was not moved:

```suggestion
A registry is running on http://masterblaster.mlpack.org at port 5000.
```
